we are going to make a turkey together
stuffed baked for Christmas then
for that we need a good turkey
sure and to carry out the farce
we will need the ingredients
following the offal of the turkey 90 g of
currants that we have made
to swell in a little cognac
with warm water 500 g of meat
minced so there you see with your
mouth and we chose a little bit of
ports and a few of your so there you
will find the best pieces
then we will need 5 centilitres of
liquid cream 5 centilitres of port 3
centilitres of cognac 1.9 and 3 slices
of bread that we have soaked in a little
of milk for cooking turkey
we will also need pepper
salt and butter so let's start
to realize our farce
if you have already bought the songs h
and it's perfect otherwise you chop them
chopper
so we already have the plane crashed and
we go then h and the offal of the turkey
m
so we have h and offal and we
let's add them to the minced meat
now we will add the others
ingredients raisins
the whole egg
the soaked bread in the milk that
just go and know a little
cream and alcohol
and then the best is to mix everything
by hand
our farce is ready now
are going to garnish the turkey simply to
using a tablespoon
so according to your desires you can
also decorate the stuffing
animals that you like for example for
a festive side you can add some
truffle thief or why not a little
foie gras
we have furry turkey if you
stay a little prank you can everything
just cook and serve next
turkey and then the last one
step is to sew the side that
was fake to prevent the stuffing from
escapes during cooking
so normally we use a needle
to butcher if you simply
a needle and sewing thread at the
house it works too
little trick so here is even if you
are not good at sewing
do not bother with cross-stitching
at the neck at big point that it works it
just need both sides of the skin
touch each other to prevent the prank
escapes and this is our one to be
all sewn is all clean now
we just have to install it in the
baking dish
so we can put it directly in
my life fries and so we go
season it a bit for cooking salt
pepper and butter especially not necessary
that it dries
so we spread out a generous piece of
butter on poultry
there is about 60 g of butter
easily and actually it's going to serve us
for cooking since so everything at
long cooking we will water the
turkey to prevent your meat
dried
he
so we're dirty and wav
and we add water
we water the turkey and especially we put
the water at the bottom the dripping pan so you have to
that it completely covers the bottom
of ales taken to ensure that the whole
burns for cooking
we just programmed the oven at 180 °
and after that depending on the weight of
your turkey
it takes 30 minutes of cooking
for 500 grams
here we have a turkey weighing 3
kg 200 so we started well for three
half hours since his attention on
do not forget to water just about
the 20 minutes
our india is now cooked it has
watered all the way down the thigh have
generously now we can
cut
and so to serve our little india
tasting tips recover the
cooking juices that have settled
bottom of the grill pan you will make a
delicious sauce with a little
porto and rise to the butter
and so you can serve a pieces
turkey with a little stuffing and
you can accompany everything from
cooked chestnuts or for example a fagot
of green beans and that's you have
loved our recipe
do not hesitate to share it and you
subscribe to our channel
and